docs: update upgrade to consul-dataplane docs on k8s (#17852)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/upgrade/index.mdx

        type: OnDelete
  ```

1. Update the `connect-injector` to not log out on restart
to make sure that the ACL tokens used by existing services are still valid during the migration to `consul-dataplane`.
Note that you must remove the token manually after completing the migration.

The following command triggers the deployment rollout. Wait for the rollout to complete before proceeding to next step.

    ```bash
    kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=<consul installation namespace>
    INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT=$(kg deploy -l "component=connect-injector" -o=jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
    kubectl patch deploy $INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT --type='json' -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/lifecycle"}]'

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following command triggers the deployment rollout. Wait for the rollout to complete before proceeding to next step.

    ```bash
    kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=<consul installation namespace>
    INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT=$(kg deploy -l "component=connect-injector" -o=jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
    kubectl patch deploy $INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT --type='json' -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/lifecycle"}]'
    ```
```
Sorry, I think I messed up your formatting with my last suggestion

> We need to do it to make sure that the ACL tokens that existing services are using are still valid while we are migrating them to `consul-dataplane`.
> Note that this token will need to be cleaned up manually.
> 
>     ```bash
>     kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=<consul installation namespace>
>     INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT=$(kg deploy -l "component=connect-injector" -o=jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
>     kubectl patch deploy $INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT --type='json' -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/lifecycle"}]'
>     ```
> 
> This will trigger the deployment rollout. We need to wait for the rollout to complete before proceeding to next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must that the ACL tokens used by existing services are are still valid during the migration to `consul-dataplane`. Note that you must remove the token manually after completing the migration.
The following command triggers the deployment rollout. Wait for the rollout to complete before proceeding to next step.

    ```bash
    kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=<consul installation namespace>
    INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT=$(kg deploy -l "component=connect-injector" -o=jsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')
    kubectl patch deploy $INJECTOR_DEPLOYMENT --type='json' -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/template/spec/containers/0/lifecycle"}]'
    ```
```
I assume that "we" refers to the practitioner, not HashiCorp, correct? And by clean up, I think we mean removal after the migration process, yes?

Author: Yes for both. Thanks for the suggestion.
